Added user permissions (#99)
layer5io/docs: content/en/cloud/identity/users/user-permissions.md

---
title: Managing User Permissions
description: >

>   Complete list of default permissions granted to User role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Complete list of default permissions granted to all users.
```

Since there is no User role, yet...

| View Catalog                                                    | ✅         |
| Invite Users                                                    | ✅         |
| Update User Profile                                             | ❌         |
| Delete a user account                                           | ❌         |
| Create a new user                                               | ❌         |
| Leave a Team                                                    | ❌         |
| View Roles                                                      | ❌         |
| Assign roles to team members                                    | ❌         |
| Assign keys and keychains to the team members                   | ❌         |

_The default permissions can be adjusted through granular permissions using [keys](/cloud/security/keys/) and [keychains](/cloud/security/keychains/), note that certain permissions marked with * are only allowed if you're the organization owner._

{{< alert type="info" title="Note" >}}
Permissions that a user has in one organization does not necessarily reflect the same level of access that their membership in another oganziation does.

> {{< /alert >}}

Reviewer 2: I believe, we can remove this note since we are talking about default permissions and not in context of any organization.
This note (with a some tweaks) would likely make more sense under teams and organization permission page.

Reviewer: Makes sense, @theBeginner86
